Improve 'Garbage Collection' text in 'Live of a Workspace' (#498)
gitpod-io/website: src/docs/life-of-workspace.md

# Life of a Workspace

 * [Timeouts](#timeouts)
 * [Garbage Collection](#garbage-collection)
 * [Changes Are Saved](#changes-are-saved)

Gitpod makes creating fresh workspaces as easy as [clicking a button on a GitHub page](/docs/browser-extension/).
Gitpod's continuous dev environments encourages you to create fresh workspaces rather than restarting older ones.
This ensures that you are starting from a clean slate with proper configuration.

## Timeouts
Any running workspace will automatically stop after some time of inactivity. Normally, this timeout is 30 minutes but is extended to __60 minutes if you have the _Unlimited_ plan__.
Furthermore, _Unlimited_ users can manually boost the timeout of a workspace to 180 minutes. This comes in handy, e.g. in case you want to go out for a longer lunch or meeting and don't like restarting your workspace when coming back.

> The timeout will always be reset to the full 30 mins (or whatever is enabled) by any action&thinsp;—&thinsp;mouse move or keystroke&thinsp;—&thinsp;in the IDE.

Reviewer: Suggestion:

```suggestion
The timeout will always be reset to the full 30 minutes (or other applicable timeout depending on your subscription) by any activity&thinsp;—&thinsp;mouse move or keystroke&thinsp;—&thinsp;in the IDE.
```

> The timeout will always be reset to the full 30 mins (or whatever is enabled) by any action&thinsp;—&thinsp;mouse move or keystroke&thinsp;—&thinsp;in the IDE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The timeout will always be reset to the full 30 minutes (or other applicable timeout depending on your subscription) by any activity&thinsp;—&thinsp;mouse move or keystroke&thinsp;—&thinsp;in the IDE.
```

If the IDE is still open but the corresponding workspace has stopped, a dialog will pop up that lets you start the workspace
again. Alternatively, you can just reload the browser or go to your [workspaces](https://gitpod.io/workspaces) and restart the workspace.

For convenience, closing the browser window/tab containing the IDE reduces the timeout to 3 minutes.

## Garbage Collection

> Old, unused workspaces are automatically removed. To prevent a workspace from being removed you can pin it on your [list of workspaces](https://gitpod.io/workspaces). Pinned workspaces are kept forever. A message at the top of the workspaces list shows you the number of days after unused workspaces are getting collected (number of days is subject to change). Restarting a workspace resets the day counter for this particular workspace. Workspaces that are about to be removed are shown with a corresponding message in the workspaces list.

Reviewer: - I find "removed" ambiguous (i.e. "just removed from my visible list?")
- Most canonical links have a trailing `/` in our websites (you can check by opening them in your browser and see where you get redirected to, or by looking for the `<link rel="canonical" href="...">` in the devtools inspector)
- Suggested a few more clarifications :) 

```suggestion
Old, unused workspaces are automatically deleted. To prevent a workspace from being deleted you can pin it on your [list of workspaces](https://gitpod.io/workspaces/). Pinned workspaces are kept forever. A message at the top of the workspaces list indicates after how many days your unused workspaces will be collected (the exact number of days is subject to change in the future). Restarting a workspace resets the day counter for this particular workspace. Workspaces that are about to be removed are shown with a corresponding status message in the workspaces list.
```

> Old, unused workspaces are automatically removed. To prevent a workspace from being removed you can pin it on your [list of workspaces](https://gitpod.io/workspaces). Pinned workspaces are kept forever. A message at the top of the workspaces list shows you the number of days after unused workspaces are getting collected (number of days is subject to change). Restarting a workspace resets the day counter for this particular workspace. Workspaces that are about to be removed are shown with a corresponding message in the workspaces list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Old, unused workspaces are automatically deleted. To prevent a workspace from being deleted, you can pin it in your [list of workspaces](https://gitpod.io/workspaces/). Pinned workspaces are kept forever. A message at the top of the workspaces list indicates after how many days unused and unpinned workspaces will get collected (the exact number of days may change in the future). Restarting a workspace resets the day counter for this particular workspace. Workspaces that are about to be deleted are shown with a corresponding status message in the workspaces list.
```
